Define 'resource' in glossary (#49706)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/object.md

full_link: /docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/#kubernetes-objects
short_description: >
   An entity in the Kubernetes system, representing part of the state of your cluster.
aka:

> tags:
> - fundamental

Reviewer: (IMO)
```suggestion
- architecture
- fundamental
```

> - architecture
> - fundamental

Author: ```suggestion
tags:
- architecture
- fundamental
```

---
An entity in the Kubernetes system. An object is an
{{< glossary_tooltip text="API resource" term_id="api-resource" >}} that the Kubernetes API

> uses to represent the state of your cluster.

Reviewer: Nice

> An entity in the Kubernetes system, an object is an instance of a
> {{< glossary_tooltip text="resource" term_id="resource" >}}. The Kubernetes API
> uses these entities to represent the state of your cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An entity in the Kubernetes system. An object is an API
{{< glossary_tooltip text="resource" term_id="resource" >}} that the Kubernetes API
uses to represent the state of your cluster.
```

Author: Nice, thanks. This is better
